---
layout: post
title: Week Six

---


So here we are 6th week of the semester-- also known as midterm week. Calling it a stressful week would be an understatement, it’ll be a crazy week for students and teacher’s assistants alike. The past week we learned more about iterator and how to overload operators. And the  coming week we also have our first OOP exam.

Last class we learned how to implement operator overloading. I think it’s a good thing to learn so that you have it the file of your mind, just in case if an interviewer asks you about a question regarding overloading, you know what to do. I have not come across this concept in python or Java. The concept is similar to function overloading except, you can implement how ==, != or * works with a certain object. 

Since we have our OOP exam this week, I formed a study group with two other classmates. Each of us has the task of making a sample exam and we will be giving it to each other to see how well each of us does and then we can see what we can improve or help the other person on. Depending on what the outcome is, each of us will try to focus on the areas which we lack the most. This study technique was suggested by Professor Downing and I think it will prove to be a very valuable one. 


<h1>Tip of the week</h1>

When you are practicing for exams, which is only code based, I think it is best to write code on paper since during the exam you will not have a compiler to check mistakes for you. It is also important that you make questions for yourself and test your knowledge about the material. This will be helpful in find the parts of the material that you might be weak in and help yourself become better prepared for the exam.  

