---
layout: post
title: Week Nine

---

We are on week 9 and we are about to start on our fourth project called Darwin. During classes this week, we mostly went over how to cast one variable type to another and how to use private members of a class in another class. 

After looking at the specifications of the Darwin project it seems it will definitely be a fun project to code. Darwin will be the first object oriented game like project, I will be coding in C++. The main idea behind Darwin is that you have different creatures as objects on a board and creature as its own set of instructions it can perform. One creature can infect another creature and turn that create into its own kind. One creature can also dominate the board and turn all other creatures into its own kind. This mimics the survival of the fittest scenario. The idea behind Darwin.

The C++ concept of ‘friend’ allows access to private members of another class. However, this is a one way street. If class ‘A’ becomes a friend of class ‘B,’ then class ‘B’ can access the private members of class ‘A,’ however, ‘A’ would not be able to access ‘B’s private members.  So instead of using getters and setters we can use the the concept of a ‘friend.’


<h1>Tip of the week</h1>

For people who want to get a code for fun and practice for interview problems. I would recommend practicing the coding problems on Leetcode. A lot of the coding problem I got asked during my interviews were similar to the ones I solved here. I would definitely worth solving these problems. Here is the URL https://leetcode.com/. 