---
layout: post
title: Week One

---


Realizing that I am graduating soon, I wanted to increase my skills as a programmer before I face the real world. So I decided to take OOP with Professor Downing. In the past I took Software Engineering with Professor Downing and I absolutely loved the class. 

With this week coming to end, I learned about two valuable tools about being a software engineer. The first is unit tests. Units tests play an important role to produce quality code and preserving the integrity of software. For instance if you were to developing a bank transaction software and there is a bug in your code where it adds a $100 to people withdrawing $500 or less and that amount was not being subtracted from the person’s account. The bank would not be happy with your software since you didn’t run tests on your software before releasing it. However had you had written unit tests to check your software bugs you could have caught this bug and fixed the problem. Another great thing about unit tests is that you can run them with commands and run them every time you make changes to your software with ease. This helps you ensure the quality of your code. The second is valuable thing I learned in class was why we should document the software we make. For example recently I was working on this employee management software. My task was to figure out how the old software worked and make a new better version of it. As easy as it sounds it was quite a challenging task. The guy who originally made the software left with leaving any sort of documentation. It was really difficult to understand purpose of some of his database tables and why he did things in a certain way which did not make sense. However after running some units tests I was able to understand better how his code worked and was able to make a better version of the software. And I did in fact document my software. 

<h1>Tip of the week</h1>

Always document your software no matter how big or small the project is. The way you want to document is as if you are trying to write a tutorial for someone. This in turns helps both you and the other people. For instance if you were to hand off this project to someone else he can read this documentation and pick up where you left off with ease. And another good reason is say you are looking back to improving one of your old projects. It would be really helpful to have that documentation. Since at most time it will be the case where you had forgotten all about the code you wrote and why you wrote certains thing. 

