---
layout: post
title: Week Five

---


This week was quite exciting with Career fair, HackTX and learning few new things in class. We learned about iterators and pointers. To encourage students to go to career fair professor Downing didn't take attendance or quiz for the day the fair took place. He makes it a point for all students to get an internship over the summer. 

If you have never been exposed to pointers, it is a difficult concept to grasp at first. In basic terms a pointer is variable that stores the memory address of another variable. I would encourage to one learn the differences using * and & for pointers. It is vital that you sit down and practice examples of using pointers in different ways to solidify your knowledge. 

As for iterators, it an object that points to some element in a range of elements and has the ability to go through all those elements in that range. In other words it's kind of like an array where you can use a for loop to go through the elements, except that you don’t have to index into a iterator. This is useful at times when you don't know the size of a list of elements and you need to go through them.


<h1>Tip of the week</h1>

Go to a hackathon in your lifetime. In basic terms a hackathon is a 24 hour contest where you and your team's hack away trying to make a project to show off.  A lot of times company will give you different types of  tools such as the Oculus rift to integrate into your project to demonstrate creativity. This week I had so much fun participating at HackTX even though our project didn’t win any prizes. Me and my team had a lot of fun coding and learning new tools such as firebase, IBM bluemix etc. If you have little experience coding I would still suggest to going to one. You will definitely learn new things and meet cool people. 

