---
layout: post
title: Week Four

---


Finally, it’s week four and we started our second project, the Australian Voting. We learnt about the different errors we have during runtime vs. compile time. 

This time I have the pleasure of coding a solution to the voting problem with a partner. For this project we weren't given any code, so we had to start from scratch. What me and partner ended up doing was using the previous project as a skeleton and planned out our approach to voting problem. Before we started coding the project, the very first thing we did was to set up some unit tests. This is beneficial so that as we write code we can test our code in the process of developing it. It also makes catching bugs easier. This approach helped write code faster than what we originally estimated. We hope to finish before Thursday. 

To be honest, before the lecture on compile time vs runtime error, I did not like compile time error it kind of annoyed me since I couldn't get my program to run. Now I realize that compile time error is my friend and helps me debug and point out errors even before my program is running. Whereas, if I had a runtime error, it's not always the case that it points out what exactly the error is. Therefore, I have had to go through my code and my logic to debug the bug. 





<h1>Tip of the week</h1>

Monday is career fair, so make sure to research the company before you go talk to them. This helps you stand out from the hundreds of people they talk to. It shows that you care about the company. 

